- Import the required modules: sqlite3, readline.

- Define an array of valid operations: ['a', 'd', 's', 'u', 'r'].

- Create a readline interface to take user input.

- Create a new sqlite database instance, connecting to "school.db".

- Check if the required tables (students, lessons, membership) exist in the database:
    - If not, create them.

Prompt the user to choose an operation:
    - If the chosen operation is not in the list of valid operations, close the readline interface and the database connection, then log "Operation not found" and exit.

    - If the chosen operation is 'r':
        - Prompt the user to enter the name of the student.
        - Check if the name is valid (contains only characters).
        - Retrieve the student's ID from the database based on the entered name.
        - Prompt the user to enter the name of the lesson.
        - Check if the lesson name is valid (contains only characters).
        - Retrieve the lesson's ID from the database based on the entered name.
        - Insert a new record into the membership table linking the student and lesson IDs.


    - If the chosen operation is 'a':
        - Prompt the user to enter the student's ID.
        - Check if the entered ID is valid (a number).
        - Prompt the user to enter the student's name, family name, age, class, and registration date.
        - Check if the entered values are valid (name and family name contain only characters, age is a number between 0 and 100, class is a number).
        - Insert a new record into the students table with the entered information.
        - Prompt the user to enter the lesson ID and name.
        - Check if the entered ID is valid (a number and not the same as the student ID).
        - Check if the entered name is valid (contains only characters).
        - Insert a new record into the lessons table with the entered ID and name.


    - If the chosen operation is 'd':
        - Prompt the user to enter the student's ID.
        - Check if the entered ID is valid (a number).
        - Delete the student record from the students table based on the entered ID.


    - If the chosen operation is 'u':
        - Prompt the user to enter the student's ID.
        - Check if the entered ID is valid (a number).
        - Prompt the user to enter the new name, family name, age, class, and registration date.
        - Check if the entered values are valid (name and family name contain only characters, age is a number between 0 and 100, class is a number).
        - Update the student's record in the students table with the entered information.


    - If the chosen operation is 's':
        - Prompt the user to enter the student's ID.
        - Check if the entered ID is valid (a number).
        - Retrieve the student's information from the database based on the entered ID and log it.



    - Close the readline interface and the database connection.
