1. Import necessary modules (sqlite3 and readline).

2. Create a readline interface to take input from the user.

3. Define an array of valid operations (a, d, s, u, r).

4. Create a new SQLite database connection.

5. Check if necessary tables (students, lessons, membership) exist in the database, if not, create them.

6. Prompt the user to choose an operation.

7. Handle user input based on the chosen operation:

   a. If the operation is "r" (register student for lessons):
      - Prompt for student ID.
      - Prompt for lesson ID.
      - Insert a new record into the membership table associating the student with the lesson.

   b. If the operation is "a" (add student):
      - Prompt for student details (name, family name, age, class, registration date).
      - Prompt for lesson ID.
      - Prompt for lesson name.
      - Insert records into the students and lessons tables.

   c. If the operation is "d" (delete student):
      - Prompt for student ID.
      - Delete the student record from the students table.

   d. If the operation is "u" (update student information):
      - Prompt for student ID.
      - Prompt for new student details (name, family name, age, class, registration date).
      - Update the student record in the students table.

   e. If the operation is "s" (view student information):
      - Prompt for student ID.
      - Retrieve student information along with associated lesson names using JOIN operations.

8. Close the readline interface and the database connection.
